The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	yes
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	no
The selection of food was not the best.	no
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	yes
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	yes
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	yes
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	no
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	no
How awesome is that.	yes
I will be back many times soon.	no
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	yes
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	no
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	yes
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	yes
And then tragedy struck.	no
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	yes